Add per output max-bpc config and ipc action (#3158)
niri-wm/niri: docs/wiki/Configuration:-Outputs.md

If the mode is omitted altogether or doesn't work, niri will try to pick one automatically.

Run `niri msg outputs` while inside a niri instance to list all outputs and their modes.

> The refresh rate that you set here must match _exactly_, down to the three decimal digits, to what you see in `niri msg outputs`.

Reviewer: I have a feeling that you ran a .md formatter and it reformatted this. We use `*` for italic in the rest of the docs. (same about `_do not_` below)

```suggestion
The refresh rate that you set here must match *exactly*, down to the three decimal digits, to what you see in `niri msg outputs`.
```

}
```

> ### `bpc`

Reviewer: Perhaps we should call this `max-bpc` matching the DRM property? Since this is more of a technical property than something that should be used to configure bit depth (I imagine we might even have a separate setting for that, but idk yet.)

<sup>Since: next release</sup>

Set the maximum bits per channel (BPC) for this output.

> This is not needed for most outputs unless encountering bandwidth or lower-than-expected colour depth issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You *do not* need to set this option unless you hit bandwidth issues (can't set a monitor configuration that works on other compositor) or lower-than-expected color depth.
```

> Valid values are `8`, `10`.

Reviewer: I think I agree with the comment that let's allow this to be an int from 8 to 16, since once again it's a technical setting. My monitors currently default to (unneeded) 16, and it'd be good to have this available for testing.

Author: In KDE implementation, the valid color depths are multiples of 2, i.e. `6`, `8`, `10`, `12`, `14`, `16`. Would that be better than the full range [6, 16]? I don't mind either way.

Reviewer: Let's do multiples
